README.md, before:

# Python - Data Structures and Algorithms

Here you will find implementations of popular data structures and algorthms written in Python with detailed explanations of how they work.

If you're a computer science student who needs to learn this stuff for exams -- or if you're a self-taught programmer who wants to brush up on the theory behind your craft -- you've come to the right place!

## Where to start?
- [What are data structures and algorithms?](what-are-data-structures.md)
- [Asymptotic Analysis](asymptotic-analysis.md)
- [Big-O Notation](big-o-notation.md)

## Topics
- [Sorting](/Sorting)
- [Recursion](/Recursion)
- [Trees](/Trees)
  
### Searching
- [Depth First Search](Depth%20First%20Search)
- [Breadth First Search](Breadth%20First%20Search)
- [Binary Search](Binary%20Search)
  
### Recursion
- [Recursion](Recursion)

### Strings

## Data Structures

### Arrays or ArrayLists / Lists / Sets / Dictionaries
- [Arrays](Array)
- [Dictionaries](Dictionary)

### Linked Lists
- [Linked List](Linked%20List) 
- [Circular Linked List](Circular%20Linked%20List)
- [Doubly-Linked List](Doubly-Linked%20List)

### Hash Tables
- [Hash Table](Hash%20Table)

### Stacks and Queues
- [Stack](Stack)
- [Queue](Queue)
- [Deque](Deque)
- [Priority Queue]()
- [Double-ended Queue]
- [Double-ended priority queue]

### Graphs
- [Graph](Graph)

### Trees
- [Tree](Tree)
- [Binary Tree](Binary%20Tree)
- [Min Heap](Min%20Heap)
- [OOP Tree]()
- [AVL Tree]()

## Puzzles
- [Anagram Check](_Anagram%20Check)
- [Array Pair Sum](_Array%20Pair%20_Sum)
- [Find the Missing Element](_Find%20the%20Missing%20Element)
- [Largest Continuous Sum](_Largest%20Continuous%20Sum)
- [Sentence Reversal](_Sentence%20Reversal)
- [String Compression](_String%20Compression)
- [Unique Characters in String](_Unique%20Characters%20in%20String)
- [Validate Subsequence](_Validate%20Subsequence)
- [Sorted Squared Array](_Sorted%20Squared%20Array)
- [Tournament Winner](_Tournament%20Winner)
- [Passing Yearbooks](Passing%20Yearbooks)
- [Non-Constructible Change](_Non-Constructible%20Change)
- [Contiguous Subarrays](_Contiguous%20Subarrays)

- [Nth Fibonacci](_Nth%20Fibonacci)
- [Product Sum](_Product%20Sum)
- [Singly Linked List Cycle Check](_Singly%20Linked%20List%20Cycle%20Check)
- [Reverse Linked List](_Reverse%20Linked%20List)
- [Linked List Removed Duplicates](_Linked%20List%20Removed%20Duplicates)
- [Linked List Nth to Last Node](_Nth%20to%20Last%20Node)
- [Merged Two Sorted Linked Lists](_Merged%20Two%20Sorted%20Linked%20Lists)
- [Doubly Linked Lists - Pairs with Sum](_Doubly%20Linked%20List%20Pairs%20With%20Sum)
- [Josephus Problem](_Josephus%20Problem)

- [Stack Reverse String](_Stack%20Reverse%20String)
- [Balanced Parenthesis Check](_Balanced%20Parenthesis%20Check)
- [Min Max Stack](_Min%20Max%20Stack)

- [Height and Size of Binary Tree](_Height%20And%20Size%20Of%20Binary%20Tree)
- [Binary Search Tree](_Binary%20Search%20Tree)

- [Queue Using Two Stacks](_Queue%20Using%20Two%20Stacks)
- [Recursive Problems](Recursion)

- [Shortest Word Distance II](_Shortest%20Word%20Distance$20II)
- [Nested List Weight Sum II](_Nested%20List%20Weight%20Sum%20II)
- [Number of Islands](_Number%20of%20Islands)
- [Invert Binary Tree](_Invert%20Binary%20Tree)
- [Branch Sums](_Branch%20Sums)
- [Sum of Linked Lists](_Sum%20Of%20inked%20Lists)
- [Smallest Sum Contiguous Subarray](_Smallest%20Sum%20Contiguous%20Subarray)

- [Two Sum](_Two%20Sum)
- [Three Sum](_Three%20Sum)
- [Rotational Cipher](_Rotational%20Cipher)
- [Nodes In A Subtree](_Nodes%20In%20A%20Subtree)

Commit message:

defining python overview section - to be developed.

README.md, after:

# Python - Data Structures and Algorithms

Here you will find implementations of popular data structures and algorthms written in Python with detailed explanations of how they work.

If you're a computer science student who needs to learn this stuff for exams -- or if you're a self-taught programmer who wants to brush up on the theory behind your craft -- you've come to the right place!

## Where to start?
- [What are data structures and algorithms?](what-are-data-structures.md)
- [Asymptotic Analysis](asymptotic-analysis.md)
- [Big-O Notation](big-o-notation.md)

## Organization Strategy

This repository is organized in such a manner that if you follow it with a top-down approach it should provide you a relatively gradual approach to learning Data Structures and Algorithms. There are a few topics that may contain problems that could fit in multiple topics but given that the static layout structure of READMEs, it's organized in a way that will work for my brain. 

Within each Topic contains a README file, the README will discuss in more depth the concepts foundational for the topic and start off with either the Abstract Data Structure (ADT) or implementations of the basic algorithms. After that there will be a separate legend that will contain a mixture of various solved problems that can be categorized under that topic.

## Topics

- [Python Overview]()
- [Sorting](/Sorting)
- [Searching]
- [Recursion](/Recursion)
- [Trees](/Trees)
- [Graphs]()
- [Arrays]()
- [Linked Lists]()
- [Dynamic Programming]()
- [Stacks]()
- [Heaps]()
- [Strings]()
- [Tries]()
- [Greedy Algorithms]()
- [Famous Algorithms]()

### Arrays or ArrayLists / Lists / Sets / Dictionaries
- [Arrays](Array)
- [Dictionaries](Dictionary)

### Linked Lists
- [Linked List](Linked%20List) 
- [Circular Linked List](Circular%20Linked%20List)
- [Doubly-Linked List](Doubly-Linked%20List)

### Hash Tables
- [Hash Table](Hash%20Table)

### Stacks and Queues
- [Stack](Stack)
- [Queue](Queue)
- [Deque](Deque)
- [Priority Queue]()
- [Double-ended Queue]
- [Double-ended priority queue]

### Graphs
- [Graph](Graph)

### Trees
- [Tree](Tree)
- [Binary Tree](Binary%20Tree)
- [Min Heap](Min%20Heap)
- [OOP Tree]()
- [AVL Tree]()

## Puzzles
- [Anagram Check](_Anagram%20Check)
- [Array Pair Sum](_Array%20Pair%20_Sum)
- [Find the Missing Element](_Find%20the%20Missing%20Element)
- [Largest Continuous Sum](_Largest%20Continuous%20Sum)
- [Sentence Reversal](_Sentence%20Reversal)
- [String Compression](_String%20Compression)
- [Unique Characters in String](_Unique%20Characters%20in%20String)
- [Validate Subsequence](_Validate%20Subsequence)
- [Sorted Squared Array](_Sorted%20Squared%20Array)
- [Tournament Winner](_Tournament%20Winner)
- [Passing Yearbooks](Passing%20Yearbooks)
- [Non-Constructible Change](_Non-Constructible%20Change)
- [Contiguous Subarrays](_Contiguous%20Subarrays)

- [Nth Fibonacci](_Nth%20Fibonacci)
- [Product Sum](_Product%20Sum)
- [Singly Linked List Cycle Check](_Singly%20Linked%20List%20Cycle%20Check)
- [Reverse Linked List](_Reverse%20Linked%20List)
- [Linked List Removed Duplicates](_Linked%20List%20Removed%20Duplicates)
- [Linked List Nth to Last Node](_Nth%20to%20Last%20Node)
- [Merged Two Sorted Linked Lists](_Merged%20Two%20Sorted%20Linked%20Lists)
- [Doubly Linked Lists - Pairs with Sum](_Doubly%20Linked%20List%20Pairs%20With%20Sum)
- [Josephus Problem](_Josephus%20Problem)

- [Stack Reverse String](_Stack%20Reverse%20String)
- [Balanced Parenthesis Check](_Balanced%20Parenthesis%20Check)
- [Min Max Stack](_Min%20Max%20Stack)

- [Height and Size of Binary Tree](_Height%20And%20Size%20Of%20Binary%20Tree)
- [Binary Search Tree](_Binary%20Search%20Tree)

- [Queue Using Two Stacks](_Queue%20Using%20Two%20Stacks)
- [Recursive Problems](Recursion)

- [Shortest Word Distance II](_Shortest%20Word%20Distance$20II)
- [Nested List Weight Sum II](_Nested%20List%20Weight%20Sum%20II)
- [Number of Islands](_Number%20of%20Islands)
- [Invert Binary Tree](_Invert%20Binary%20Tree)
- [Branch Sums](_Branch%20Sums)
- [Sum of Linked Lists](_Sum%20Of%20inked%20Lists)
- [Smallest Sum Contiguous Subarray](_Smallest%20Sum%20Contiguous%20Subarray)

- [Two Sum](_Two%20Sum)
- [Three Sum](_Three%20Sum)
- [Rotational Cipher](_Rotational%20Cipher)
- [Nodes In A Subtree](_Nodes%20In%20A%20Subtree)
